good today I'm going to make a video of
beginners in the game mario kart well
that when you watch the video please do not
I want no comment that says that
I knew it
Okay, well, we are doing slow
what
when that is slow in the minute
envy
when it still comes back it's worth a menu
very simple so we're going to make it a
now we have options
we have configuration that
to change the sound
Y
keep looking for good friends
change
of the everything that is your name and the shield
while the other data in this case does not
we are going to play
record
we have the three tests
that are not seen here
every cup hurts every dinner record
this and finish it but good is not very
important the important thing if
you want to play with other players all
here will connect and now
can play here is usually played
with a player then you get 5
purchases
I'm going to explain to you a little bit about this is the
speed goes slow normal and super fast
and this is the super fast but everything is
invested
Olive, I know , I think they 're going
unlocking I do not remember anymore but I think
that when you take x time with this
you unlock this and so all with the
other good test some
your
tells you to choose a player and then a
car but it is taught up
this is so I think they are going
unblocking
sites
well there is not a variety of cars
I always choose the same
because it has enough wind
speed
well everything perfectly you give guarantees and
now lets you choose the competition that
up you get the likes
brand new
well there are a few so if you have
time you can do it ok let's see
time trial
the time trial
OK the same
then choose this so you can
choose
the scenario that you want for example
let's do a test this is my
Favourite
and good to enter
and what game
let's see another contraction is versus
then he tells you to choose the speed what
what we have said before
in the difficulty of the opponents
then s
that you can choose the circuits online
thorium and here says you win centuries or by
vitor not by point this cashier
and teams then choose and up
they form the teams
Well yes you see how it works already
tested
battle there are two types of battles above
he explains them to you
battle of balloons explode the crazy ones of
your rivals using objects if all
these balloons and explode lose you will blow
in the microphone to inflate your blogs
and solo career collects more soles than
nobody steals the suns of your rivals for
add them to your collection will be ejected to
the ones that have the least suns, well, you're going
testing is worth when you enter
choose again to speak
my daughters
here at different levels that I level 6
I have not done it but well you enter a
level and you have two different tests
then as if we say the boss of the
class
If you want here, what are we going to do if
you want one to try
I have not played a game for a long time
which is difficult to play with recording
it's good to go through there
with which I have the camera
but good
the version of pass to all
good
now I will stay here as a bad but
this fact but good
with the camera and the nerves
that you fail you always fail
good
Well, this already I think we have already done it
everything yes it is already
this is a video for beginners
I hope it has been helpful for you
and that you enjoy greater